Tso issue_command (#277)
zowe/zowe-client-python-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

- Added logger class to core SDK [#185](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-client-python-sdk/issues/185)
- Added classes for handling `Datasets`, `USSFiles`, and `FileSystems` in favor of the single Files class. [#264](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-client-python-sdk/issues/264)
- Refactored testings into proper folders and files and add more tests [#265](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-client-python-sdk/issues/265)

> - Fixed the bug on `upload_file_to_dsn` [#104](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-client-python-sdk/issues/104)

Reviewer: Should we just add the changes for this PR (about tso) and keep the other things as is?

- Added logger class to core SDK [#185](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-client-python-sdk/issues/185)
- Added classes for handling `Datasets`, `USSFiles`, and `FileSystems` in favor of the single Files class. [#264](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-client-python-sdk/issues/264)
- Refactored tests into proper folders and files [#265](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-client-python-sdk/issues/265)

> - Fixed the bug on `upload_file_to_dsn` [#104](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-client-python-sdk/issues/104)

Reviewer: Sorry (again) for requesting changes but could we expand a bit on this entry?
That way people don't have to click the issue to see what the bug was about.

```suggestion
- Fixed a bug on `upload_file_to_dsn` where it would not properly convert line endings on Windows. [#104](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-client-python-sdk/issues/104)
```

Reviewer 2: Since this line mentions a bug fix, it should be moved to the "Bug Fixes" section of the changelog 🙂
